first jump
yeah just a little friendly advice
just get out of my seat come on there
you go
[Music]
welcome to the last chip making the
journey to new earth
for the next six months we will blaze
across space and time
i hope it's the paradise they said it
would be
hey where you been hiding
[Applause]
i don't know what could have done this
something seems to be dissolving him
from the inside out
it's not human and i might still be out
there
it's out there we kill it
you remember how to use one of those
things
what do you think look up
light him up there are 300 000 souls on
this ship
so we're headed to new earth at the
speed of light with an
alien yeah we got it what are you gonna
do
improvise
bullets were useless what about fire
my work all right who wants barbecue
[Music]
you